== LIBVNA Examples ==

Several example programs are included with the library.

vnacal-SOLT-example.c:
    Example of using the vnacal functions to calibrate a simulated
    imperfect vector network analyzer using classic "short", "open",
    "load", "through" calibration.  This example demonstrates 2x1
    six-error term calibration.

    Build:
	cc -g -o vnacal-SOLT-example vnacal-SOLT-example.c -lvna -lyaml -lm

    Run:
	./vnacal-SOLT-example > vnacal-SOLT-example.out
	gnuplot vnacal-SOLT-example.gnuplot

    In the plot, dashed lines are measured values, solid lines are the
    value corrected by calibration and points are calulated expected
    values.  Notice that S11 is pretty far off before correction.
    Because we're using a passive linear DUT, the S12 calibrated curve
    and expected points aren't visible in the figure as they're exactly
    covered by the S21 calibrated curve and expected points.


vnacal-TRL-example.c:
    Example of using the vnacal functions to calibrate a simulated
    imperfect vector network analyzer using "through", "reflect",
    "line" calibration.  This example demonstrates 2x2 ten term T and E
    error correction.  The plot command first shows the corrected device
    under test, then shows the now known reflect and line parameters.

    Build:
	cc -g -o vnacal-TRL-example vnacal-TRL-example.c -lvna -lyaml -lm

    Run:
	./vnacal-TRL-example > vnacal-TRL-example.out
	gnuplot vnacal-TRL-example.gnuplot


vnacal-TSD-example.c:
    Example of using the vnacal functions to calibrate a simulated
    imperfect vector network analyzer using "through", "short", "delay"
    calibration.  This example demonstrates 2x2 ten term T and E error
    correction.

    Build:
	cc -g -o vnacal-TSD-example vnacal-TSD-example.c -lvna -lyaml -lm

    Run:
	./vnacal-TSD-example > vnacal-TSD-example.out
	gnuplot vnacal-TSD-example.gnuplot


vnaproperty-example.c:
    Use the vnaproperty module to load and print a YAML file.

    Build:
	cc -g -o vnaproperty-example vnaproperty-example.c -lvna -lyaml -lm

    Run:
	./vnaproperty-example input.yaml


vnaconv-example.c:
    Use network parameter conversion to analyze the 50-ohm to 75-ohm
    L-pad.

    Build:
	cc -g -o vnaconv-example vnaconv-example.c -lvna -lm

    Run:
	./vnaconv-example


vnadata-example.c:
    Example of storing parameter data in a vnadata_t object and converting
    from z-parameters to s-parameters.

    Build:
	cc -g -o vnadata-example vnadata-example.c -lvna -lm

    Run:
	./vnadata-example


convert-parameters:
    Program to convert between network parameter types and between
    touchstone and NPD file formats.

    Build:
	cc -o convert-parameters convert-parameters.c -lvna -lm

    Usage:
	./convert-parameters [-f format] input-file output-file
	Run with -\? for the full usage text.

    Convert the sample Touchstone 2 data file from S parameters
    to T parameters, saving in magnitude-angle format.

	./convert-parameters -f Tma convert-parameters.ts out.ts

    Convert from Touchstone 2 to Touchstone 1.

	./convert-parameters convert-parameters.ts out.s2p

    Convert the sample data file to insertion loss, return loss
    and VSWR, saving in NPD format.

	./convert-parameters -f IL,RL,VSWR convert-parameters.ts out.npd


